So, yeah, the purpose of this whole project is to make my life easy. You know? So I have raw input. So everything I'm putting in is just raw input. I'm just dumping ideas into it. And then the AI will then extract and summarize, you know, the context I'm putting in and then would structure. You know? So first, I'll put in the raw ideas or raw input or the chaos in my head or from whatever source I'm getting it from. You know? But make sure you you get, what is it called, transcript, and then you read the data I'm bringing in. If it's audio, convert it. If it's, video, convert it and get a transcript. And then what you do is you compress and then extract the data and then summarize the data, you know, and then you organize the data or you put them into structure. You organize the data, you know, and classify. And then after that, you connect the relationships. You know? This whole video is all about, let's say, making money, connect it to business or entrepreneur or something. You know? And then I get actionable, executable, and decided, you know, information, like, to make my life easy. So, basically, I can dump my whole YouTube playlist, and then it structures everything for me, and I don't need to think too much. And then I can choose, let's say, I wanna learn more about business. I just tap into business, and then I'm just basically learning stages of business like the the full the text the the full stack of the business, you know, and blah blah blah, the intricate details. But everything should be what I have given you, you know, or what I have inputted, not going outside. You know? Everything should be around it. You know? So it's like we are collaborating all these YouTubers, all these sources I'm bringing to one truth source or one truth data. You know? And, yes, we have different domains. You know? We have different domain. Every domain has its own purpose. But some domains may be relative or be maybe, you know, will be connected to another one. So, basically, that is the idea. So make my life easy, which is on the road map side and also on the graph side. This is the core thing. You know? Thank you.,