So now I would like you to push everything to my GitHub and, make sure you include the database structure and everything so it's easy to deploy on another server. Thank you. Also, I think there is one thing that is missing, which is when you do go on knowledge road map, I like how you've put, you know, the main domain. You know? But the main domain, which example, wealth building strategy will be under finance or something that is really strong, you know, will be under finance, and then things will be underneath it. And then cloudcomputingcom cloud computing, we have two different. All needs to be merged into one, and they all need to be under one, you know, domain. So computing or technology. And then the cloud computing will come, and then you wanna merge the information. But, also, the references, you would be using the references from where you got it from. The references are very important. So you just compress you just translate the files, merge them together so the con it makes sense. You know? So they're all saying one thing. You know? Because one thing about YouTube is there is so many creators. So what I'm doing is I'm always going to different channels, getting different videos. Let's say I wanna learn about marketing and then ads, how to run ads, and all this. I will go on YouTube. I will go on TikTok, so many pages, gather all this data, and then I would use my own basic knowledge to try and extract the data to make sense, take notes, and then use them or follow their videos, like, the step by step. The reason for this purpose, what we are doing for the graph and also the road map is to combine all these relative, you know, videos or content into one place. You know? So let's say the domain is technology, and the technology we have auto artificial intelligence, which is AI. Then under under AI, we have, let's say, skills. And then there will be so many other videos, but we've compressed everything what they are all saying, you know, to one thing. You know? Sometimes they'll be talking about what is a skill, how to use it, and why it's needed, and then the steps, you know, broke broken down. And then I need to take note as well so that there should be a a way I can also take note. So, basically, that is the whole concept of what we're doing. And then on the graph on the graph, what we wanna also have is related, you know, to the road map just as we've made for the road map. You know? Like, we have so many things going on. Let's try and simplify it. I want my life to be easy. What we can even show on the graph is we can connect the core, you know, titles, like or the core domain. So the first domain, you know, subdomain, and then another node underneath it. And then, basically, you can hide them all. But when you click on business, it opens, you know, all these videos and links and all this stuff. And then this is linked to this. This is talking about let's say, if it's under business marketing, you know, this is talking more about marketing or blah blah blah blah blah. You know? And then compress all the video using the AI technology, you know, to compress all the videos. So, basically, you get a transcript, and then you for from from all the the the things I'm giving you, you see where they fit, then you create, like, a like, it's like a course, but not a course. You know? Something like a guide from beginner to advanced. Advanced is gonna be at the bottom and, like, make my life easy, basically, because I basically, I have a lot of information.